fix: GitPod clarification (#9981)
openfoodfacts/openfoodfacts-server: docs/dev/how-to-use-gitpod.md

of the remote machine. Gitpod makes it really simple to SSH into your dev environment by letting you copy the `ssh`
command required to reach your remote environment. To start, follow the ssh instructions on Gitpod's official
guide: [SSH for workspaces as easy as copy/paste][gitpod-ssh-guide]. 
Once you have copied the ssh command and ensure it works as-is, add a `-L 80:localhost:80` to the command to make it look like:
`ssh -L 80:localhost:80 'openfoodfac-openfoodfac-tok-openfoodfac-r9f61214h9vt.ssh.ws-c.gitpod.io'`.

Once you execute the altered command in your terminal, you should be able to access Open Food Facts
on http://openfoodfacts.localhost just as documented in the quickstart guide!

[gitpod-ssh-guide]: https://www.gitpod.io/blog/copy-paste-ssh-workspace-access
[github-codespaces]: https://github.com/features/codespaces

**Remark:** for some Linux distributions, the port 80 is reserved. A workaround is to switch to port 8080: in gitpod, open the .env file and replace the line PRODUCT_OPENER_PORT=80 by PRODUCT_OPENER_PORT=8080, then replace -L 80:localhost:80 by -L 8080:localhost:8080. **Rollback the changes on .env before to make a pull request!***  

> **Remark:** on MacOS, when trying to bind, you might see a bind fail. Remember that anyport below 1024 is reserved for the sudo user. You might want to add sudo to the ssh intruction. It will then prompt you whether you you want to trust the fingerprint. 

Reviewer: We need a line return to separate paragraphs
```suggestion

**Remark:** you will need to trust the fingerprint at first connection. 

**Remark:** on MacOS or Linux, when trying to bind, you might see a bind fail. Remember that any port below 1024 is reserved for the root user. You might want to add `sudo` just before the ssh command.
```
